{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww7520\viewh16000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1. How is a list like a bunch of post office boxes? \
Each box has an address and can hold a value just like a collection of post office boxes. \
2. How is accessing an element of a list NOT like retrieving the contents of a post office box? \
Each person represents a location within the RAM and assigned an address or name. Unlike a post office box retrieving information does not take any time because the person just calls out the memory they were supposed to remember. There is no need to go and find the right RAM location.\
3. How can you compute the amount of time it takes to complete an operation in a computer using Python? \
Subtracting two date time objects computes the time.\
4. In terms of computational complexity, which is better, an algorithm that is O(n2) or an algorithm that is O(2n)?\
O(n2)\
 5. Describe, in English, what it means for an algorithm to be O(n2).  \
It is bounded above and below by functions of n^2.\
7. If you had an algorithm with a loop that executed n steps the first time through, then n \uc0\u8722  2 the second time, n \u8722  4 the next time, and kept repeating until the last time through the loop it executed 2 steps, what would be the complexity measure of this loop? Justify your answer with what you learned in this chapter.\
0(n^2) because it follows the behavior of a exponential big O. \
 8. Assume you had a data set of size n and two algorithms that processed that data set in the same way. Algorithm A took 10 steps to process each item in the data set. Algorithm B processed each item in 100 steps. What would the complexity be of these two algorithms? \
0(n) since this follows a linear trend and the number of steps does not matter since they both follow the same trend.\
9. Explain why the append operation on a list is more efficient than the + operator. \
The append operation  only needs to reference the variable being added while the + operator references the old list and the variable being added.\
10. Describe an algorithm for finding a particular value in a list. Then give the computational complexity of this algorithm. You may make any assumptions you want, but you should state your assumptions along with your algorithm.\
O(1) since the time is the same to find a certain value regardless of the size of the list. Constant time operation.\
\
}