{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1. Is the root of a tree in Computer Science at the top or bottom of a tree? Top of the tree.\
2. How many roots can a tree have? One root\
 3. A full binary tree is a tree that is full at each level of the tree, meaning there is no room for another node at any level of the tree, except at the leaves. How many nodes are in a full binary tree with three levels? How about 4 levels? How about 5 levels? Three levels there are 7 nodes. Four levels there are 15 nodes. Five levels there are 31 nodes.\
 4. In a full binary tree, what is the a relationship between the number of leaves in the tree and the total number of nodes in the tree? A full tree has 2n -1 nodes where n being the leaves\
5. When constructing a tree, for which is it easiest to write code, a bottom-up or top-down construction of the tree?8. Describe a non-recursive algorithm for doing an inorder traversal of a tree. HINT: Your algorithm will need a stack to get this to work.  It would be easiest to write a bottom up with the root value of the tree being the output.\
9. Write some code to build a tree for the infix expression 5 * 4 + 3 * 2. Be sure to follow the precedence of operators and in your tree.  You may assume the PlusNode and TimesNode classes from the chapter are already defined. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 tree = BinarySearchTree()\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 for token in expression:\
	tree.insert(token)\
10. Provide the prefix and postfix forms of5*4 + 3 * 2.  Postfix: 54*32*+ Prefix: +*54*32}